whats up guys its told me for yummy
showing today I'm going to be reacting
to the new halo audio thing that just
came out Hamas a chief hunt for the
truth or some bullshit like that I love
halo is expecting a trailer a revised or
not this some bullshit audio so here we
fucking go let's fuck and listen to it
here we go do you see a lot of horrible
stuff all the stories I've done I've
seen the absolute worst of humanity but
I've also gotten to see the best six
years ago I saw him the greatest most
mysterious hero of our time up close in
action dance right I witnessed firsthand
what he did that day and it changed
everything for me anyone listen to this
knows exactly Jim the kind of saved us
saved saved mankind that's wrong Master
Chief Petty Officer that's right fuck u
del Rio the Master Chief you're damn
straight fucking Del Rio fossil ago I
was hired to do an in-depth profile
mothership exclusive access the whole
thing since then I've gotten to talk to
a lot of people who claim they know the
real master chief the boy the soldier
the hero the traitor
the trade up fuck you see I'm always
know where story was going before it
started I note exactly the story I
wanted to tell for years the story all
of us wanted to hear glossy inspiring
the blockbuster hero biography that's
all this was supposed to be but the
truth isn't always that clean when I
pulled that first loose thread something
broke now everything is caving in and I
find myself stuck with all these ugly
questions questions I never intended to
ask fabricated histories people wanted
they say they are cover-ups of cover-ups
that steady drumbeat of theories that
used to sound insane now they don't seem
so out there and these disturbing rumors
reports of anomalies something big is
happening in deep space and I can't even
corroborate a single no one man's life
no fucking shit it's clear to me now I
can't fix the pretty story
Tehran for the first time in my career I
can honestly say i don't know the shape
of where this is going and in fact the
possibilities have me lying awake at
night I believe we all deserve to know
the real story why you don't know where
this leads fucking a journalist I really
do Master Chief he's a boss what they
fucking saved your fucking arse you pick
just fucking only bullshit is what this
is I hate journals a bloody hate
journalist they're just the worst people
in the world that spread rumors that
just skull my heat him and if your
course you're in Australian I'm saying
this because I'm a nested and supporter
so you know what I'm talking about fuck
okay well look I was expecting the
fucking trail that's the first thing I
was really expecting I thought it's
going to be a viaduct or at least a
trail and they gave us this audio now
that's disappointed by that but then it
was actually intriguing it was
intriguing and I guess they're trying to
build the hype and build the story of
Master Chief as he is he is he gone
rogue and then they get locked to go sit
less sending lock to go and take down
chief or at least talk to him because
seriously do they really think lock is
going to take down chief he's a fucking
Master Chief okay he saved the fucking
galaxy like three fucking times he's a
fucking hero he's a legend there anyway
that's a reaction to the audio I guess
that tell me the contour you're thinking
of halo halo 5 I can't wait I was
expecting I was really expecting a by
doc I thought they were going to do that
classic by talk where they don't show
mice can play but they show the
behind-the-scenes of how they're
building the story and building the
campaign of halo 5 and instead we got
this but they said this is like an
episode every week they're going to
bring out a news audio thing every week
I don't know how long that goes well
maybe that builds to the first trailer
reveal or gameplay reveal for the
campaign or the first fighter which I
would expect which you'd expect to come
out before e3 which is in June so
there's not much time between then and
there to get that out
um but you know I'm intrigued I can't
wait for halo 5 i love the halo 5
campaign I think teams legend he's my
second favorite hero you got Batman you
got my Steve and you got Superman
Superman and bad Superman and Master
Chief I might have to switch but
Batman's number one Master Chief is
second at the moment and then you got to
man but I'm intrigued we'll see how it
goes that's it guys make sure you have
your brand new to the channel make sure
you subscribe and put our new video
every monday wednesday and friday like
and comment tell me what you're thinking
of this this this audio this trailer
thing and we can discuss all things halo
this halos fuckin awesome as it guys see
you later peace kisses look at you guys
hahaha come on if you step out that door
she's so hot aww she's so hard i love it
you didn't see that coming